okay so maybe you have the strumming and
then some for some people that comes
really naturally maybe you have the
finger-picking and that's not really
that big of a deal to you but what we
want to talk about are few alternate
techniques that are out there these are
not the only ones but these are just a
few that you can employ to really give
you a different sound or help you find
your own identity on your guitar so
let's go ahead and take a look at a few
of these the first one is called me what
poem Union essentially does is it's
taking taking the palm of our right hand
and muting the strings with it um a lot
of times we've probably worked on
meeting with our left hand I'm to
silence and stop the strings from
vibrating but what we're going to do is
we can do that with our right hand let's
go ahead and take a look at that pretty
simply put just to show you a basic
example what you can do with palm you
can do a lot of different things with it
but a basic example is your plane the
string and then muting with your paw
this can give you a staccato tone or
give you something that you're looking
for that maybe you can't do with your
left hand because you're changing chords
the next thing we want to look at is a
one of my favorites it's called skanky
it's not the dance at all but skanking
is a reggae techniques that use and what
it really does this will get you up on
your downbeat it gives you a heavy tone
like this what you're doing is you're
taking your hand and kind of rotating it
in to your strings you're not you can do
it like this but you're not going to get
the sound you want sounds just like that
to throw it in with some chords it would
sound like this and has really
interesting tones to it
and lastly other techniques you can use
or just don't feel limited by the rules
don't feel like you can't do something
because it's not allowed but you can do
all kinds of things with with percussion
techniques on your guitar you can also
even use a use your hand like that
there's lots of different techniques to
the guitar so you just don't feel
limited by the rules try to experiment
and find out what works for you